Hayden?
Who's this?
He's my son.
He's a Payne.
What have you done?
Hey. buddy. what are you doing?
Dad!
Hey. Come on.
Oh!
Do you want to watch me play Fortnite?
I've got this cool new Star Wars skin.
Well. I would. but. um…
I got a surprise for you.
We're gonna take a trip.
You. me. and your grandmother.
Where?
If I told you. it wouldn't be a surprise.
would it?
But I need you to pack. okay?
Only what you really want to take.
and anything else you need.
we'll buy when we get there.
Wait.
Are we moving again?
We are.
Are we ever coming back?
Go ahead and start packing.
David is innocent!
His son is alive. and he's being held
by a man named Hayden Payne!
- No. Hayden Payne has been helping you.
- No. he hasn't.
He's been manipulating us
to keep us from the truth.
He's about to leave town.
He left me this cryptic voicemail earlier
saying goodbye.
- Wait. he's gonna run?
- Yeah.
And if he does. if he does.
we will never see Matthew again!
I know how crazy this all sounds.
That boy I found that night.
it's not Matthew.
I know.
I know it wasn't Matthew.
It's a little boy named Martin Bischoff.
He disappeared from a Swiss orphanage
owned by the Paynes.
I took care of the detective.
and I cleaned up the scene.
But it is only a matter of time
before the FBI come calling.
We have to leave.
This is not gonna end
just because you're on a beach somewhere.
They're gonna reopen the case.
and then you and Hayden will spend
the rest of your life on the run.
What other choice do we have?
People think Matthew Burroughs
might still be alive.
What if he wasn't?
What are you saying?
I'm saying what if he died that night.
and his body was never found?
Nothing to connect to you.
No need to run.
As far as the world is concerned.
he is a Payne.
He may be the last of the Paynes.
and Hayden loves him.
Am I clear?
- What were you two talking about?
- How's Theo?
He's good.
He's in his room packing.
- Did he see anything?
- No.
Make sure he stays in his room
until we leave.
Hayden.
That detective knew everything.
You did what you had to.
and what you needed to for your son.
Yeah.
Wait. if you knew the body wasn't Matthew.
why aren't the FBI out
looking for my son right now?
It's not that simple.
What do you mean it's not that simple?
He's been kidnapped by a psychopath!
I've been suspended. so without
any hard evidence. I'm on my own.
Well. fine. there are
a dozen cops out there right now.
- I'll just go and ask one of them.
- You can't do that.
- Why not?
- 'Cause you said it. he's a psychopath.
So if he's surrounded
by cops and he feels threatened.
then who knows
what he might do to Matthew?
The Payne estate is a half hour
outside the city.
Even if we leave now.
we may not catch them.
Okay. we gotta delay him.
We gotta get there before he leaves.
How? How will we do that?
After I was attacked.
he tried to convince me
to leave the country with him.
He's not gonna think
that you changed your mind.
He will…
if he thinks you've been arrested.
Rachel. I'm glad you called.
Didn't think I'd ever hear from you again.
Sorry. what?
Uh. yeah. Yeah. okay.
I could do that.
You think Ronald will care
that I'm stealing his car?
I don't even know where he is right now.
Oh. uh. about that. Ronald.
I actually had him arrested.
What?
I'll clear it up. don't worry.
- Be right behind you. Be careful.
- I need you to put these on.
If anybody stops us.
I've arrested you. got it?
- David?
- Yeah?
There's so much
I-I need to say to you. but…
Yeah. you don't have to.
It's the past.
Bring our son home. okay?
Whatever it takes.
You bring him home.
And in breaking news.
The Boston Globe is now reporting
that escaped fugitive David Burroughs
has been apprehended by the Boston police.
Holy shit. they caught him.
- It doesn't mean anything.
- He's going back to prison.
For how long?
He will be exonerated eventually.
and then he'll start
looking all over again.
Only this time. as a free man.
We have to leave.
Rachel.
Are you okay?
- David's been arrested.
- I saw on the news. What happened?
We broke into the hospital to find Heller.
and David was caught.
I got away. but I have nowhere to go.
I don't know what to do.
Hayden. the worst part is Heller's gone.
and we have no way to find Matthew now.
How can I help?
You told me we could
leave together. right?
If the offer still stands.
I'm ready. Hayden.
I'm at my mother's estate.
How quick can you get here?
I was hoping you'd say that.
'cause I'm almost there.
- See you soon.
- Okay.
How stupid can you be?
I don't understand
your obsession with this woman.
I love her. Mother.
Oh. darling boy. there's a difference
between love and obsession.
She is going to be your downfall.
Is that why you had Stephano
try and kill her?
Someone has to make the hard choices.
and it's certainly not going to be you.
If anybody goes near us...
There is no happily ever after
on this one.
You don't think
that she'll know her own nephew?
This whole thing started
because she saw that photograph
and knew it was Matthew Burroughs.
Who's Matthew Burroughs?
Theo.
You know you're not supposed to eavesdrop.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to.
It's okay. buddy. Your grandmother and I
were just talking about our trip.
And I can't find Rhino.
and I want to take him with us.
Oh. okay. Well. I'll tell you what.
Go back upstairs.
and I'll be right up there to help you.
When she arrives.
tell her that you can't help her.
And then you get her to leave.
It's just a precaution.
Smart.
Yeah. Whoever's behind all this
knows that I've been helping you.
Thank you for letting me come here.
I didn't know where else to go.
Yeah.
What?
I can't help you anymore. Rachel.
I thought you wanted to leave together.
I do.
Then what's the problem?
Your mother. of course.
I'm just confused because I thought
you said you wanted to protect me.
And I need you.
Right now more than ever.
You know the only time
I've ever felt really safe is with you.
If we leave. we…
we can't come back.
There's nothing for me here.
Hasn't been for a long time.
I want a fresh start together.
Do you want that?
Just. uh. wait in the great room.
Okay.
I'm gonna use the ladies' room
before we go.
- It's down the hall. You know where it is.
- Yeah.
Thank you for helping me.
Don't thank me.
I'm taking you in as soon as this is over.
This is just a pit stop.
as far as I'm concerned.
As long as I get Matthew back.
that's all that matters.
It's my partner.
And I'm guessing
he wouldn't approve of our pit stop.
He would not.
You've reached
Agent Sarah Greer. I'm not able to…
Oh. damn it. Sarah.
will you answer the damn phone?
That's it.
I'm getting out of here.
Ah! Ah!
Hey. this is gonna sound crazy.
Um. my name's Cheryl.
- I know who you are. Dr. Dreason.
- Your partner. Agent Greer. She just left.
Left to go where?
To find my son. And. uh…
David's with her.
So he wasn't arrested.
- No.
- You know where they're headed?
The Payne estate.
Hayden Payne was behind everything
that happened that night.
Now. she said the FBI
couldn't do anything without proof.
I have proof.
Philip Mackenzie ran a DNA test for me.
That proves the blood found
that night wasn't Matthew's.
Which means the DNA results
used at the trial were doctored.
David's innocent.
My son is alive. Please.
I need your help.
- I thought I made myself clear.
- You did.
- Then why is she still here?
- I can make this work.
Hayden. she doesn't love you.
We have a problem.
No kidding.
David Burroughs was never arrested.
What?
He's not in BPD or FBI custody.
No one knows why The Globe ran that story
or who the source was.
Rachel.
You still think you can make this work?
Burroughs is probably on his way here.
What do you want to do?
Let him come.
She did us a favor.
No one will question the killing
of two dangerous fugitives
who've trespassed on private property.
And I assume you finally agree.
Get back in the car.
I'm coming with you.
You're still a fugitive. all right?
I said I'd help you.
- We're not teaming up.
- You're right. we're not.
I came out here on my own.
You followed me.
And then when I get my son back.
you can arrest me and take me to jail.
It's Rachel.
There's armed guards at the house.
I can help you. Now just let me...
Let me find him. please.
- You okay?
- Yeah. just a little overwhelmed.
You're safe now.
And the fact that you're here
tells me you finally want what I want.
I do.
- You do?
- I do.
Whoa. what are you doing?
Hayden.
Hayden?
- Please. let me explain.
- I would've done anything for you.
Please. please. just listen to me.
You lied to me.
You broke my heart.
How do we get in?
Side entrance.
I can cover you.
I hope you've come to your senses
and decided to tell me where she is.
Sure. Julie.
She's on her way to the Payne estate
to arrest Hayden Payne
for murder and kidnapping.
She's suspended.
She can't arrest anyone.
You need to stop her.
Can't. Sorry.
She's ghosting me.
Do you think this is funny?
If she arrests Hayden Payne without proof.
they will sue us into oblivion.
and your daughter will be lucky
to work security at a roadside motel.
Hey! I got proof.
I have a DNA test that proves
the little boy who was murdered
that night was not Matthew Burroughs.
I withdrew that test.
Oh. yeah. Sure you did.
But lucky for Sarah.
there was somebody else
who cared about actually solving the case.
Cheryl Dreason conducted her own DNA test.
The blood at the scene was not a match
for Matthew Burroughs.
That doesn't prove
Hayden Payne kidnapped anyone.
I don't give a shit!
It proves David Burroughs
didn't kill his own son.
And you would've known that
if you weren't so busy
trying to interfere
with Agent Greer's case.
Be a shame if that got out. wouldn't it?
Is that a threat?
Yes! And I got another one for you!
You're gonna send every agent we got
out to the Payne estate right now.
or Dr. Dreason is gonna call…
What's the guy's name?
Jim Doherty. managing editor of The Globe.
Jim Doherty. Managing… Did you hear that?
So send them now!
Go.
Ah!
I broke your heart?
You destroyed my family
and then pretended to help us.
Why would you do that?
All I've ever wanted is to be with you.
And then I find out you go to Berg
to start your own family.
Only…
It was supposed to be you.
How did you even find out about that?
My assistant.
She used to be the office manager there.
Before Heller left Berg.
he ensured that I would be the donor.
This is insane.
The whole point of any of this
was for us to have a child.
And when I realized what happened.
that it was Cheryl who went to Berg.
I had to put it out of my mind.
But then you. you brought me to that
Fourth of July party. You remember?
And when I saw him for the first time.
I understood everything.
I knew I was meant to be his father.
And what about the little boy you killed
that night to take Matthew's place?
What about him?
He was gonna die a painful death
from his condition. It doesn't matter.
Can you hear yourself?
Can you?
You're not well. Hayden.
There is something deeply wrong with you.
Well. now there it is.
Now we know how you really feel about him.
And for the record. I never did like you.
Did you hear that?
Well. it seems as if David Burroughs
has met his unfortunate end.
You won't get away with it.
Don't be so naive.
Hayden. it's time to go.
Everything I've done.
I've done to be with my son.
And I am a good father. Rachel.
He loves me.
He's not your son. Hayden.
Of course he is.
Cheryl was pregnant
before she went to Berg.
Oh. please.
Do a paternity test and you'll see.
We did. And he's a Payne.
Did you see the test. Hayden?
- We don't have time for this. Come on.
- Did you?
Is he mine?
Can't you see what she's doing?
He needs to know the truth.
You told me he was my son.
- Enough.
- Answer me.
- Enough!
- Is he mine?
Don't ask questions…
that you don't want the answers to.
Who are you?
I'm David.
What's going on?
We're not here to hurt you.
I know you're scared.
I need you to come with us.
Why?
You still have Rhino.
How do you know his name?
Because I bought it for you.
You wouldn't remember
because you were three.
Your actual name is Matthew Burroughs.
And I'm your father.
We're gonna take you someplace safe. okay?
I know you're really scared.
but we need to go right now.
Come on.
You said he was my son.
What did you expect me to do?
There was no going back
after what you did that night.
So I told you what you wanted to hear.
When I got the results.
I made sure you would never find out.
He is the one person who truly loves me!
And he still does.
I'm a good father. and it's the only thing
I've ever been good at!
Hayden. listen to me. Nothing has changed.
Everything has changed!
I have nothing now!
You have taken everything from me!
Oh. that is rich!
I have given you everything!
You were born into status and privilege.
And what did you do with it?
You have brought this family's legacy
to the brink of extinction.
I am not going to allow you
to be a cautionary tale.
You're weak.
Hayden. you've always been weak.
But it's okay.
Because I love you.
And you have me.
You'll always have me.
Ah!
Hold on. Hold on. Take him to the car.
I have to go back for Rachel.
You go with her. all right?
You're gonna be safe. I promise.
You're not taking my son!
Give Theo back. or Rachel dies.
- You don't have to do this. please.
- Lower your weapon.
Not gonna happen.
Put it down now. or she's dead!
Let her go!
Last warning. Hayden!
Give me back my son!
- Dad?
- It's okay. buddy.
Don't hurt her. please.
I'll go with you.
No. Matthew.
No!
Don't hurt him. I'm begging you.
- Don't be stupid. Hayden!
- Stop!
Let him go!
Theo!
Theo?
Where are you. buddy?
Those people. they...
They want to take you away!
Whatever they told you. it isn't true!
We're family. you and me!
I love you. You know that!
Oh!
David!
Drop the gun. Drop it now!
All I ever wanted was a family of my own.
You can still do the right thing.
Just let him go.
You're the best thing
that ever happened to me.
No!
David.
I'm right here. Stay with me. come on.
Come on. I'm right here.
I found you.
I'm right here. all right?
Stay with me. Come on.
David.
My name is David Burroughs.
I served five years of a life sentence
for killing my son.
Until I broke out of prison to rescue him.
If you're from Boston.
you might've read about it.
If you're not. you will soon.
Within weeks of saving Matthew.
my conviction was overturned
and I was freed.
But I wasn't the only one who was given
the blessing of a new beginning.
Cheryl gave birth to a baby girl.
And after what Ronald did
to help us find Matthew.
he and Cheryl found their way
back to each other.
But not all new beginnings are planned.
Some are born of necessity
and even consequence.
Adam lost his shield
for helping me escape.
The upside was Nicky
had no use for him as a civilian.
He works as a PI now
with another former cop from the BPD.
Did you invoice the wife
on that babysitter case?
Yeah. I will.
As soon as you stop busting my balls.
What balls?
I'm not sure if we'll ever
be the brothers we once were.
But I do know without his help.
I wouldn't be here.
I wouldn't be here
without the help of a lot of people.
Agent Greer took over for her dad
as head of the Boston Fugitive Task Force
when Max retired.
Or at least tried to retire.
- What are you doing here?
- I just came by.
Thought maybe you might
want to go to lunch.
Well. I'm sorry.
I'm actually really swamped in a case.
Oh. well. is. um…
What. you got something that. uh…
maybe you need another set of eyes on?
My father passed away
less than a week ago.
But not before getting to spend
several months with his grandson.
instilling as much information about
the Boston Red Sox as humanly possible.
Sorry.
I'll go back inside soon.
It's okay.
Sometimes with a lot of people.
I just get…
I don't know.
Yeah. me too.
Before Lenny died.
he told me a story about a barbecue
I was at on the Fourth of July.
Yeah. that was his favorite holiday.
I told him I remembered
because he was sick.
But I didn't.
I want to.
What if I never do?
Great thing about memories
is you can make more of them.
It's just people don't appreciate
how special they are.
But you will.
Yeah.
What Matthew's been through.
few people can understand.
Luckily. I'm one of them.
Our shared struggle back to the life
we were supposed to have
has bonded us in both heartbreak and hope.
- There he is.
- Hello.
Lenny would have loved this.
Everybody here together.
Yeah. assuming the game wasn't on.
Obviously.
I know the road ahead
isn't gonna be easy.
Nothing worth fighting for ever is.
What I do know
is when it comes to Matthew.
wherever that road leads.
however dangerous or mundane.
I'll be by his side every step of the way.
And if he ever strays or gets lost
and needs my help.
I'll find him and bring him back.
I'll always find him.